Add incident details screenshot to deployment health doc (#3349)
astronomer/docs: astro/deployment-health-incidents.md

## Deployment incidents

> Astro automatically monitors your Deployments and sends messages when your Deployment isn't running optimally or as expected. These messages are known as _Deployment incidents_. To get view information about the incident, click on **View details**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astro automatically monitors your Deployments and sends messages when your Deployment isn't running optimally or as expected. These messages are known as _Deployment incidents_. To view information about the incident, hover over the incident and click **View details**.
```

### Worker Queue Does Not Exist

> At least one task is configured to run on a worker queue that does not exist. Instances of this task will remain in the queued state until the worker queue is created. When this incident is triggered:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
At least one task is configured to run on a worker queue that does not exist. Instances of this task will remain in the queued state until the worker queue is created. To resolve this incident:
```

> 1. Hover over the incident and click **View details**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Hover over the Deployment health status and click **View details** for the incident.
```

> 2. See the DAG and task IDs that reference a worker queue that does not exist. The name of the **QUEUE** reflects how the worker queue is referenced in your task definition.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Check the DAG and task IDs that reference the non-existent worker queue. The non-existent worker queue name referenced from your DAG code is listed under **Queue**.
```

> 3. Copy the worker queue name under **QUEUE** and either create a new worker queue with that exact name or rename an existing worker queue in your Deployment to match it. As long as a worker queue with the exact name exists in your Deployment, you do not have to modify your task code. See [Configure worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md#assign-tasks-to-a-worker-queue).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. For each affected DAG, create a new worker queue with the exact name as shown in **Queue** or update your DAG code to reference an existing worker queue. See [Configure worker queues](configure-worker-queues.md#assign-tasks-to-a-worker-queue).
```
Is there a reason we're avoiding updating DAG code here? It's possible that someone could have made a typo in their DAG config, in which case it would make more sense to update the code than to create a misspelled worker queue.

> ![Deployment health incident details](/img/docs/health-status-details.png)

Reviewer: I'm not a fan of large screenshots without something specific for the reader to focus on. It's especially distracting given that the message in the alert is not identical to what we have in this doc.

Reviewer 2: Yes good call Jake. Let's delete the screenshot for now and let me actually also modify the copy here to match the doc. You're right that you can either create the worker queue OR update your task code. 

Then once I've done that, we can:

- Highlight the `DAG ID > queue > task ID`
- make the screenshot a little smaller
